as I mentioned in the introduction video,
the course is not directly produced as a full package,
but rather chapter by chapter.
So by the time you are watching this, not everything listed here might be online yet,
but let me give you an overview of what will be the content of discourse.
I am structuring the course in a way that should make it
easy for you to come back and look up specific concepts.
Also,
I want to encourage you to start making
your own experiments and the Shader editor right away
and providing a bunch of visualization files that helped
to show different concepts in an interactive way.
The format of the content is multiple short videos per chapter that hold a
lot of condensed information and build on the experience of the ones before.
And these videos are supported by longer, slower workflow demonstrations.
Taking the time to explain every step of creating complete procedural shakers.
So you have the quick videos with a lot
of information and then the slower lessons of application.
So let's quickly go over the different chapters in what they focus on.
In the remaining part of this introduction chapter,
I want to take the time to introduce you
to the environment that blender provides for procedural shading,
talking about the render engines,
even cycles and how to use the shader editor if you are already familiar with that,
feel free to skip this section and go on to the first actual chapter where
we are going to talk about the fundamentals
of procedural shade of creation and blender.
That chapter is very crucial as all the other parts build up on it.
Next we will transition into creating actual textures just
using notes and how to combine and manipulate them.
And the chapter about shading principles.
I'm going to talk more broadly about physically based rendering and how
to approach this specifically in the Shader editor with procedural methods.
The chapter shader composition will string together the
previous lessons and go deeper into how to
compose full procedural shakers and also how to
include non procedural elements in modular setups.
I will show you how to set up parts of the Shader for reuse
as note groups and how to choose
and implement sensible parameters to control their functionality
in automation.
You will see how to make sure there's come alive
by animation and interaction with other elements in the scene
and as final part of the regular content of this course,
I will show you how to break the direct procedural set up by baking elements of
the no trees to make the shader is
more performant and compatible with other software.
Additionally to these main chapters,
there are some other topics that will be interesting to explore
but are rather advanced and did not initially fit into the format of this course.
The topics that I have in mind are a look at
the mathematical background of the methods we use in this course.
A focus on achieving realism. Using procedural methods.
Using back to displacement to create anything with a shader
and different applications of using ray marching.
These are not certainly planned, but rather optional.
So if one of these topics really piques your interest,
or if there is something else you really want to know about,
but don't see in the overview,
let me know with a comment on this video.